ISPN-12261 Protocol Management (#8938)
infinispan/infinispan: documentation/src/main/asciidoc/topics/ref_server_ipfilter_cli.adoc

> [id='server_endpoint_ipfilter_cli-{context}']

Reviewer: the content of this file is the same as `documentation/src/main/asciidoc/topics/ref_server_ipfilter.adoc`
you will end up with sections 4.6.1 & 4.6.2 with the same content. 
is this file updated?
shouldn't be the CLI commands?

Author: I've written a CLI-specific paragraph now.

= {brandname} Server IP Filter

> {brandname} endpoints and connectors can specify one or more IP filtering rules. Thes
> 
> 
> 
> e rules specify the type of action

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{brandname} endpoints and connectors can specify one or more IP filtering rules. These rules specify the type of action
```
